hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a science fiction action film: "The Tomorrow War"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
the 2022 World Cup soccer match has gone to heat with three minutes of extra time
as the Brazilian player has a one-shot chance
all Brazilian fans in the stands and in front of the television, are waiting for the score
unexpectedly, the match is interrupted by a group of armed soldiers from 2051
they appear on the soccer field in a burst of light and smoke
and announce that 30 years into the future
the planet Earth is invaded by an alien race called the "Whitespikes"
these are voracious and brutal creatures
whose only motivation is to destroy all life around them
to balance the scales, the future soldiers have traveled to ask the present planet for help
in response, nations work together to save humanity
building time travel facilities and recruiting soldiers to fight the future war
unfortunately, many batches of military forces have been sent to the future for duty
but most of them lost their lives in the battle and only very few managed to come back
eventually, a world draft begins
and groups of ordinary men and veterans are called forth for the mission
among those reluctantly recruited is Dan, a veteran of the Iraq War
Dan reports to the military base
where he is fitted with a tracking device that will assist him in returnning
if he is still alive after a week
meanwhile, he learns from his certificate of death
that only those who have already died before the war starts are enlisted
and he will die in an accident in 2028
Dan returns home to bid farewell to his beloved daughter and wife
before leaving for the mission
shortly after, Dan is thrown in with a group of fellow recruits for basic training
as most of the recruits are civilians who can't use guns
Dan realizes that the trip is doomed
later, they travel to the future by use of the Jump Link technology
which is still in beta mode
because of that, before they even face those threatening creatures though
most of the people do not survive the drop high above the city
Dan and some lucky ones escape death as they land in a high-rise rooftop swimming pool
there, they are astonished to see the future city is reduced to burning rubbles
with collapsed buildings, the wreckage of helicopters and corpses scattered all over the place
the survivors are contacted by Colonel, a science whiz
and a commanding officer of the resistance
Colonel appoints Dan as the temporary captain as he had led operations in Iraq War before
since the authorities decide to blast the whole city overwhelmed by the beasts
Dan's unit is deployed to rescue a nearby lab before the sterilization
the lab scientists developed a toxin, which is believed to be able to wipe out Whitespikes
previous troops sent are trapped by the Whitespikes
since Dan has fought and survived war, the unit follows his instructions with faith
when they reach the destination, they find the stranded troops and scientists have all died
countless spikes on the wall stare at them as they make their entrance to the lab
in fact, those are spikey bullets shot by the tentacles of the Whitespikes
the name Whitespike is derived from its ashy complexion and spikey bullets
given that no one survives the last rescue
Colonel orders Dan to evacuate with the research data and toxin sample
just as Dan's unit gets what they need and prepares to leave
a Whitespike suddenly shows up and kills a female soldier
Dan commands his soldiers to fire at such grotesque and really scary-looking alien creatures
but to no avail
he then orders them to retreat
on their way out, the Whitespikes chase after them and devour a few soldiers
to ensure the unit's safety, Dan decides to cover them by going last
a few seconds later, Dan is attacked by a rampaging Whitespike
after firing all of his bullets
Dan takes out an ax from the fire hydrant cabinet for melee combat
although the feeble and weak Dan spares no effort
the vicious tentacled Whitespike keeps gaining the upper hand
when he is on the brink of losing his life, Charlie and Dorian come back to rescue him
Charlie fires a volley of shots at the monster
as some bullets hit its belly and neck, the Achille's heel of Whitespikes
the alien species falls to the ground
defeating the Whitespike, Dan's unit finally leaves the lab
unfortunately, more of such horrifying monsters clamoring to eat them alive
are waiting outside the lab
in desperation, everyone sprints to the evacuation point
at the pickup point, their car is overturned and its driver devoured by the monsters
right at the disappointing moment, Colonel informs Dan
that his area will be blasted in 3 minutes, and they should go as soon as possible
the death toll is rising as they are trying to escape by the skin of their teeth
however, the horde of Whitespikes are just too overwhelming
when the safe zone is within reach
some wounded soldiers sacrifice themselves to tackle the beasts
so that rest can safely leave with the toxin
just when Dan steps into the safe zone
the deafening explosion takes place, knocking him unconscious
he then wakes up in sickbay, with Charlie and Dorian beside him
in this military encampment, Dan extends his appreciation to Colonel
and then learns that Colonel is actually the older version of his daughter
Colonel reveals that he dies in a car accident
but before they can catch up more, they have to execute the next plan
Colonel finds a few female Whitespike, which breeds the new baby Whitespikes
she has tested the reagent in the Whitespike's lair
but only male Whitespikes die, whereas the females are not affected at all
so Colonel decides to capture one female Whitespike for further research
according to her plan, Dan's unit is sent to tranquilize and cage the female monster
and bring it back by helicopter
upon arrival at the lair, they follow the given guidelines step by step
once the female Whitespike loses its consciousness
the soldiers shoot chains into her body and pull her out of the cave
however, even though a dozen of strong men work together
the monster does not move an inch
suddenly the female Whitespike rushes out from its cave with an uproar
and prowls on the soldiers without mercy
due to its swiftness, many soldiers die in an instant
filled with worries for the soldiers, Colonel descends to the cave to command the battle
but one careless mistake has put herself in the trap of the Whitespike
father's love spurs Dan to jump into the hole at once to deal with the Whitespike's tentacle
when the beast's movement restrained and its strength deteriorated
he directs the rest to pull it out
finally, the unit manages to cage and load it onto the helicopter
however, the gunfire earlier has brought thousands of Whitespikes to besiege them
a helicopter that has just taken off is pulled down by the beasts and explodes on the spot
Dan and Colonel flee with a Humvee
firing machine guns at the hordes of monsters on top of the vehicle
their destination is a military base built on the sea, the last military base left on Earth
with concerted effort, Colonel and her colleagues come up with a scientific solution
that can kill the female Whitespike
however, the smidgen of hope of actually wiping out the enemy shatters
as an army of Whitespikes conquer the base to rescue the trapped one
under the attack, the base is about to collapse soon
Dan and Colonel hurry to the tarmac while fighting their way out
the day marks the last day of Dan's stay, and he will time travel back soon
when time is so pressing,  Colonel is injured by a spikey bullet
with only five minutes left before his departure
Dan quickly brings Colonel up and prepares to go
all of a sudden, the once caged female Whitespike appears before them to seize Colonel
and throws her into the sea
to save his daughter, Dan holds on to her hand with all his might and strength
but Colonel lets go of his hand after giving him the toxin solution
stricken by grief, Dan jumps down into the sea
at the same time, the space tunnel is opened
and Dan is transported back along with Charlie and Dorian
Dan submits the toxin solution to authorities for mass production
and sending them to the future to eradicate the Whitespikes
much to his shock, nothing can be sent over to the future
as the Jump Link technology of the other end is no longer available
in other words, human beings in 30 years' future are defeated and doomed
knowing this, Dan returns home with a heavy heart
his wife burst into tears of joy to have him back, but Dan is upset thinking of his daughter
that night, Dan shares with his wife what he has gone through during the week of duty
and his resolution to save their daughter
as far as Dan knows
the Whitespikes first descend on a Russian snow mountain in the year 2048
strangely, no photo of a spaceship is captured by satellite in that year
this suggests the alien monster might have come to Earth much earlier than the year 2048
with this clue, Dan carries out his investigation
he contacts Charlie and Dorian for help
and realizes Charlie has only a few months to live due to her terminal cancer
Charlie gives Dan a spikey bullet picked up from the future battlefield
by extraction, they discover volcanic ash from the spike
which means the Whitespikes have been buried deep down the ground
the volcanic ash finally unravels that Whitespikes have reached the Earth
by spaceship hundreds of years ago
as their arrival coincides with a volcanic eruption in Northern Russia
they are buried deep underground by volcanic ash and snow
centuries later, global warming has thawed the ice glaciers in Northern Russia
and therefore freed Whitespikes' shackles
Dan seeks official permission to destroy the Whitespikes in Russia
but the nation refuses to support such a cause as no concrete evidence is provided
moreover, political as Russia and the United States are not on good terms
Dan turns to his estranged father (Grandpa), an ex-piolet for help
when Grandpa knows that the trip to save his granddaughter, he agrees right away
on top of that, Dan manages to get the toxin solution mass-produced
with the help of a female time-traveler soldier
she fully supports the drive and offers bombs for the battle
so Dan forms his special force with Grandpa, Charlie, Dorian
and a few surviving future soldiers
Grandpa flies his private jet, dodging the Russian satellite system
all the way to the Academy of Sciences Glacier on Komsomolets Island
according to the changes in the magnetic field and heat source
Dan ascertains the location of the alien spaceship
then they blast open the ice and find a cave in which the spacecraft stays
Dan cuts through the spacecraft and walks in with Charlie
while Grandpa and Dorian are on guard outside
inside the ship, Dan finds what looks like an alien's body and a Whitespike incubator
this goes to reveal that Whitespikes are invading weapons
developed by aliens to destroy another planet
Dan and Charlie inject Whitespikes with the toxin reagent while they are still in eggs
with one shot, each of the monsters turns into a pool of blood after struggling for a while
before they give the other Whitespikes a dose
the Whitespikes become so irritated that they rush out from the containers
as the situation turns complicated, Charlie asks to let him handle the beasts alone
after Dan leaves, Charlie blows up the spacecraft with the bombs he has
joining forces with Grandpa and Dorian
Dan soon learns that the blast kills all Whitespikes except one
to prevent this particular Whitespike from breeding more descendants
Dan and Grandpa decide to hunt it down and kill it
shortly after, they track it all the way and finally succeed in sandwiching the monster
the beast recoils
as they riddle the Whitespike with countless bullets from its front and back
unexpectedly, a white mist begins to gather around the Whitespike
and mysteriously, it vanishes in the mist
for better defense, Dan and Grandpa stand back to back
out of thin air, the monster emerges from the white fog
disarranging the two men's formation
in the blink of an eye, Dan is shot down by a spikey bullet
as the Whitespike roams over to him quickly
Dan plucks out the bullet from his leg and stabs it into the beast's eye
shortly after that, Grandpa hits its another eye with a pickaxe
the madly blind Whitespike kicks Grandpa away and shoots spikes everywhere
Dan seizes this chance to inject the monster's claw with toxin
but to his surprise, the Whitespike bites off its own claw for survival
as a last resort, Dan climbs to the edge of the cliff
intending to use himself as bait to entice the enemy
but Grandpa cuts his own palm to lure the Whitespike with his own blood
Grandpa's sacrifice attempt empowers Dan to ride on the Whitespike
and cut through its neck before giving a deadly toxin shot into its brain
without further ado, Dan kicks the very last Whitespike down the cliff
in the final scene, Dan and Grandpa reunite with the family
when Dan's daughter hugs him, he feels so accomplished that he has done the right thing
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out